Meatballs (in Swedish)
That's right, I'm doing cooking videos now. Can you do my job?
We will make meatballs
To celebrate these new goods designed by myself
That's true
Do you like Marzia?
Look at the shirt not for my ass
Well you look at my ass, but no one else can!
I will sell meatballs and you can buy them
I will tell you as confidential
We have meat
Our gracious
We have butter
We have bread crumbs
We have Stoke Putinek
We have onions, potatoes, and Swedish jam
Let's go, okay
To see if you remember how to cook this ..
You need this you need soy
number one
Wash your hands This is true for anyone who wants your germs intimate
In your cheese
Do you wash your hands all the time Marzia
Marzia oh let me think this is true
Why do I feel now that they are Marzia?
I will do this if I have not
Perfect for you to learn to control
Secret question
It will be perfect. 1. Cutter. Do not hide all your things for a woman
Do you have a real sharp knife?
Marzia: Yes
This is not a sharp Marzia knife
Marzia I think I used it so badly if it is not a dishwasher
Lala where all these cups come from
But this is not for cutting
a woman
Edgar = (his dog) is an assistant
I do not know how to cut onions
If he calls me, I will tell you how to cut him off, but the first is true
There are many ways. You were worried: no
This knife is terrible
Oh Wow I was right Marzia
Congratulations
Oh yeah that's very good
Yes, cut these things, then cut the onion on half of it, then peel it
Yes, but I want to see how you do it
You know the cubes from outside are actually cut off by all the cubes
This is not a secret trick
Yes you know a secret trick
There's a secret trick Edgar knows
Edgar knows it and he signs it
These two tricks I would have been buzzing with onions
Add this flavor but you do not want to have a good onion smell
You want to cut it very small literally just add onion flavor
Do you know what to say? Let us cut the bulb on half
I do not like onions much
what are you laughing at
You really are crying
Yes onions make me shed tears This does not mean it makes me cry
This is a great knife
I will just destroy this onion
Yes that's right
So you can always make a good cooking presentation
Reimsi Go From Here The Other
You too
Is this food cooked by Felix?
This has not happened before. The real man to cry when he cuts onions
No big tears to my face Marzia
Not a single tear
Why am I doing this?
Take a little time but learn that it's worth it Well it's worth it when we grab
Cooker and we will put this oh that's wrong
Uh
Put this in. Take a little bit of butter to learn our Italian girl
Oh put it with olive oil Felix
Provocative words
Yeah
Let's clean this onion
German words
Let's do something
This is you. Look at the onions to see this
My girlfriend
At the same time we cook too
I do not work any other need
Wash the dishes after the dishwasher
I prefer the knife
Thank you
So .. I am trying to solve it Mdnnach dissolved .. In the dish I use it
I add my bucket
Better vegetables is definitely the best thing
Horick is the best thing
The creamy cream of a brick is simple
Bring the cream
Bring the toast
This is all that is written by Sawa
If you prefer a guest bread if you light the guest cream as you like
I wore a uniform
Deloitte Hnosch our hands
Ahaherhaha
A wonderful sense of awe, Owei
Ajbaki
This is why I wanted to solve it
I have made a great one
That is why
It is possible to make the ball full of shape minus something to taste
Its taste is not enough
Salt and pepper
Its taste remains the same, but it remains two years later
I forgot to tell you you need to get potatoes if Matarvish I know you Haha
I am old, I am a thief, and I am cooking
Haha Well it's the happiness of what every step is done by doing it
My love you are tired
Deloitte is a small chore
Hankour Ahh
See this
Nice
Meatballs Sandwiches
I do not know how to cook
Maybe if you have an old meat
Hankour meat and wait for the potatoes to climb
He wants to raise the fire to a degree, so that the potato will level and end after what is leveled
Delighted meat with freshly cut butter
He used two pastimes when he was done
But you work a little bit
You bettkhely every day like a hard woman
We will put them on fire
As the letters of the letters are ringing, we turn them along
Beautiful Oi ... Shoufi Keda
Jamieleh to ferment Ahi
I am happy with them
Its shape is reddened
As soon as we got to know them, the potatoes remained
So we use the latest cream cream
On the fire of Hadia, they were thrown in the bass on the butter
Let it fall like this
We are giving soy sauce ... because its shape is darker
They are mummified on them
Beautiful and delicious
here we are
With such a wonderful look
It's a delicious sweetie and it's awesome
I can eat your tea
Yeah
Ha ha raik
Beautiful Owe
I am amazed